# Feelings

I'm excited to be back here writing. I haven't regained new hope in the world but I intend on being more hopeful for the world ahead. I feel a lot of things. Right now, it's midnight and I feel tired. Lately, I've felt bored but also restless about a new problem I'm circling. Yesterday, - well, the day before that - I got pretty jazzed up from the conversations I had with people. Today, - again, tomorrow I guess - I'm super hyped to catch up with some people in my life. Oh, and few days ago I felt like I got closer to to my sister than I did in the past 5-7 years since I've been gone. Oh and this week, I hope to have my life back in more order. Oh, and last month I felt nothing bc I turned 25 but birthdays are an idiology and because I don't believe in those - it was cool. Oh last month in general, yeah I became a different person entirely because of it and it's kinda weird scary but in a good way...I think. Oh, and lately I've got this weird accent going that's between a Brooklyn and a New Jersey hotshot - yeah, it's the wave. Oh, sometimes I get really scared because this super scary mob voice comes out for certain institutions that shall not be named. Oh and....you get the point.


The way I feel is mine and mine alone. I don't have to justify or logically reason about it. In fact, you can't make me feel some type of way. Even worse, you don't know how I feel. I feel; and that's cool - it makes me human. For you to find your humanity, you have to recognize that I can feel a range of emotions that will never register to you. I'll tell you what, I'll meet you in the middle: I feel...excited for your future and happy that you're here with me on this earth. Now you go!
