# Friends

I've always been able to pride myself in having relationships and friendships that make me feel like we can pick up right where we left off - even if it's been years. At times, more close encounters have surfaced criticisms of me being at times transactional. In my defense, I had a job that kept me on my toes. Though other criticisms about me dominating conversations or just being a straight clown crop up too. In early adulthood, frustrations of skepticism about a sales pitch coming on drove me nuts. I chalked that up to envy of my ability to express my passion but I'll admit there is a lot of "here we go again...what is it this time." However, as a whole, I like to think I have a completely unhealthy complex and damn near magical of a relationship with every single person I know.

I have been mentee, roommate, squad, and even co-founder to some of these friendships and they grow more complex as a result. There's a lot I'll unpack at a later time about how you should prime yourself before evolving friendships into being more. Lots and lots of valuable mistakes, adventures, and some regret. Though I am happy to report that almost all of these are on good terms-ish. Okay, that's a half lie. I go through cycles where people and I are on breaks and it's hard to explain. I love them to a fault and would take an arrow to the knee for them but right now, * that *. It's more a pride thing of who apologizes first but I have a policy of not apologizing without knowing what exactly for. So, if you're reading this...it's not too late.

The other set of relationships are ones with prospect boses, co-workers, and mentors who dream along with me during my career change cycles and suddenly get super cold, heartbroken, & outright damn me when they burden me with the 1st world problems of picking between the offers I have - 1 offer. I'm sure they will make it clear I'm not a topic for discussion and I try not to go around talking about how I almost would have...okay maybe a little :P

The final set of relationships are the strangers I come across that I vibe with and we have our moment and we go our separate paths - leaving each other with lasting memories. These are fun and exciting :) Though I do have some where I leave a bad taste in someone's mouth and I carry the burden of my race, gender, and age along in my walk of shame - guilty as sinner. Only left wondering what I've just done to the next X that will be treated with Y even though they were deserving of Z - had it been not for me. *sigh*

Humans are cool - some of you think I'm cool too and that's cool; but some would rather have me cool it - and that's just a cool breeze that chills me. I can never become a politician b/c I can't imagine not being able to win over half the people in the room. *looks at the double glass* "Nah, I don't like him; he looks like he'd be a menace". I'd just stand there - shook - and probably clap in joy as the poller shakes their head in disappointment and in frustration. I would have taken unf***ablewith or caring but hey...I'm more the backstage guy. I like it that way and I wanna do more of celebrating other people's wins. I hate this envy and jealousy that comes with being human. Though, I like to think being jealous for other people is rather an act and sense of endearment.

More than anything, every relationship I have is unique and unlike any other. I love that. That makes life evermore :)
