# Lock

One of the aspects of my heart break and relationship that damaged me was feeling locked into something because of an invisible agreement I got into with someone. What felt most hurtful was the feeling of betrayal as someome broke that lock with a hidden key they kept from me all along. The feeling of self resentment and pity takes over and I could do nothing as the chains that kept my temptations at bay were loosened and the whole world began to look dofferent. I realized I was surrounded by amazing women and that I too had grown and changed too. That scar never heals and I now have to look at the world without the innocence I had once chosen to dress it in.

Having spent the better part of the last few years obssessed with contractal law; I now find it harder to keep the fire inside of me that wanted to lower the cost, time, & barriers to trust being built almogst us harder and harder. I aspired to have my name among TK & Chesky to have been a champion for the invisble links that could help us see the better in each other; but with the hardened realities of an economist, engineer, and product designer. I hope to blow wind into the proudless chest of mine to keep this fire alive and hope you can kindle it in yourself if my work cements itself into the walls that can house the fire you have inside. A fresh of fresh air is needed and sometimes I feel winded. There's a cost to free will that God has granted us that even the tears of the heavens won't yet flood this earth for; that is afterall what being human is and even the sin against the world won't keep one out of the gates of heaven.

More on this later...gtg!
